ok hello this is a otsuka station in on
tokyo sneaky boo crew on the Alma no
deadline we're here to have a something
delicious for lunch at a restaurant i'm
not going to publicize because I I don't
want it to get popular you know how it
is we're here studying
see this guy standing here here's a he's
a jay jay rail employee is in charge of
this Pokemon desk where basically you
you get a book I'm gonna go show the
pamphlet thing you get this little book
this pamphlet you're only allowed to
take one you take a pamphlet and you'll
notice inside inside there's a list of
all the stations in Tokyo the greater
took you a metropolitan area and then
where's the yeah you have these things
were you you have to put stamps on them
yeah so basically what you do is you get
this thing and you go around Tokyo and
then how you get a stamp is it's on this
desk here this guy on this table you you
exit the station turnstile and then you
stamp your pamphlet and then you get
back on the train and you go to another
stop and then you exit the turnstile you
buy another ticket get on the train then
go back and just you just keep doing
this for as many train stations as
possible notice these kids have books
you can actually get a book that a if
you're willing to catch them all you can
see these kids with books and the
Pikachu hats because Pikachu really
still is the only pokemon that everyone
likes the rest of them are all
acquired taste but uh so basically
you're going to put the the idea is to
fill this book with all of the stations
in the Tokyo area actually I'm gonna
grab one of these pamphlets so I can
obsessively count of how many stations
that is so okay so that there you go
that's that's how it goes you buy a
ticket or you get one of these all day
passes like for seven hundred yen to do
you get on the train and then you go one
stop get off exit and go to the table
stampa your your book get back on the
train go another stop stamp the book
people do this with their children let's
see how long is it going to take before
more people come out with their children
here probably a 30 seconds or so you
know you'll see see this guy right here
there's a guy with two kids right they
both got baseball caps on look we're
gonna do what they're doing they are
they're going to run to the table safe
see running to the table to stamp their
book for otsuka station this has been
going on now in Japan for about 10 years
every summer junior sponsors this this
event silly this now they're getting
immediately back on the train now what
is this really a good experience for
kindergarten age children
what is this teaching them aside from
obsessive compulsion or the names of all
the train stations in Tokyo thing as you
learn where all the train stations are
by traveling around by having a life by
doing things you know bye-bye am I
having conversations with people your
friend says I know a good curry
restaurant in naka know there's another
kid the table I you know I know a good
curry restaurant enough you know I'm
gonna go let's go there that's how you
learn what naka know is right you don't
learn yeah otsuka is the station that
has a what is the what is the the
pokemon of let's go station I don't know
but it's like that's that's weird man I
don't know I just think it's really
weird place I say look at them all just
stuffed around there so anyway next week
is next week the big summer vacation
week yeah yeah the next week is the is
the big week you always maybe if you're
in America or England or Australia or
whatever you've heard of golden week
golden week is nothing it's like two
days it's like a Tuesday and a thursday
off it's a it's basically the worst week
of the year because it's it's really bad
okay I'm actually exaggerating a little
bit on that okay but every most Japanese
companies give people a week off the
first week in August which it is right
now the first week in August and
everywhere you go on the train its
little kids and Pikachu visors or
looking over their stamps in their
little Pokemon book why why don't they
just play the Pokemon games
uh does this provide them with some sort
of different outlet for something
provides them with an opportunity to go
outside lead this this woman has like
four books see now what what happens is
you you get all the stamps if if your
parents are busy or something then you
just do this you get six stamps and then
you send them away and there's a
possibility you can win like some
pokemon trading cards but uh if you win
if you get all of them this is what I'm
really really not sure of if you if you
get all the stations then you have a
chance of winning like this
yeah you get like this this little
stuffed thing and what and a sticker you
get a sticker with a picture of a train
on it
or uh or a little model of a Pokemon jet
like what yeah yeah so my my impression
my conclusion is what children are doing
is uh this is parents who who don't have
anything else to do with their children
and their children seem to really enjoy
dings look at that guy he's just like
yeah
okay kids let's do this it's like I mean
I've heard there's a guy in my company
who takes his kids uh well I and you
know I don't want to slander anybody but
you know it's just like oh well you know
the kids seem to enjoy it and it's
something to do and I don't get to spend
a lot of time with my kids why don't you
spend time with your kids taking him to
the zoo or something why do this this
this bizarre a psychotic
obsessive-compulsive thing I don't know
but yeah all week this week the trains
are going to be stuffed full of kids and
parents and there's nothing I can do
about it just but then next week
everybody puts their kids back on the
shelf
it's it's it's freedom and it's peaceful
again
I think that's enough i think if we if
we stood here for another hour we could
probably see the entire population of
this country
like it actually last year they did not
have a guy manning the station but I
think he's there for crowd control he's
also there because a lot of parents were
well i mean well as you just saw there
was a woman who had like five booklets
on her family I I don't know how they
get this book will try they even get
five of them
oh yeah I think I'm finished